Add source dependency to README and move to different package (#3)
dynatrace-oss/log4j-metadata-provider: README.md

## Installation

In order to add Metadata to Log4j log lines, include the following dependencies to your `build.gradle`:

```groovy
// Depend on log4j itself, this is probably already in your project.
// The mechanism that is used in this library works from v2.13.2
implementation("org.apache.logging.log4j:log4j-api:2.14.1")
implementation("org.apache.logging.log4j:log4j-core:2.14.1")

runtimeOnly("com.dynatrace.logs.log4j2:metadata-provider:0.2.0")
```

> As this library is not released, a source dependency is required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As this library is not published on Maven Central, a source dependency is required.
```
